The early development of photography.
In 1827, a Frenchman named Niepse needed pictures for his business, but he was not good at art.
So he invented a camera which was very simple and put it in a window in his house.
He took a picture of his garden and this became the first successful photograph.
The next important development in the history of photography was in the early 1830s.
At that time, a new kind of camera was invented.
The man who invented it was DaGaire, also French.
He took a picture of his reading room.
In his picture, you could see everything very clearly, even the smallest things.
Soon, other people began to use DaGaire's method.
Travelers brought back wonderful photos from all around the world.
People took pictures of famous buildings, cities and mountains, which they could show their families and friends.
After 1840, photography developed further.
People could take pictures of moving things, although it was not simple.
They had to carry a lot of film and other kinds of tools, but this did not stop them, especially in the US.
In the 1880s, new inventions began to change photography.
Anyone who wanted to take photos could buy film in small boxes, so they did not have to make the film themselves.
Photography became a kind of art by the end of the 19th century.
Some photos were not just copies of the real world.
They showed ideas and feelings just as other kinds of art do.